{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1041{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs24\lang9\par
 PowerSurge\par
map: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.turbosquid.com/3d-models/3d-model-electric-substation/1002856 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.turbosquid.com/3d-models/3d-model-electric-substation/1002856\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
After the employee restores the power to the substation, the company announcer chimes in to say that the substation's downtime has caused the company several thousand dollars in \par
lost revenue, and that the employee's paychecks will be withheld until this quantity is paid. \par
\par
\tab Not able to do anything, the employee must return to the office where upon his return, the employee's computer will suddenly glitch and an audio message will play claiming \par
to be from John H Wilton himself, the owner of the company (you can see several portraits of him in the breaker room and the company's name is 'Wilton energy').\par
The message tells you that the company has become corrupt and a shell of it's former self. He then claims that he's determined to fix this and needs your help, as the only way \par
to force the company to take him back is to force a complete power grid brownout and you are the only substation he's been able to contact.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\par
Voice script.\par
\par
Actors:\par
\tab John H Wilton. (JW) ,  Substation AI  (SAI)\par
\b\fs22\par
* 'Lights out' just finished, the SAI has just ordered you back to work*\par
\b0\fs24 SAI:\par
\tab Attention. Attention. Please be aware that while this substation's systems are still rebooting, several critical pieces of workplace equipment will be offline such as: \par
Air Conditioning, Communications Monitoring, and Camera systems. Do not perform any unauthorized activities during this period or severe repercussions will be enacted. \par
\par
\b * The player returns to the office, which looks like it had when he entered the breaker room. Suddenly, the PC flickers and a face appears on it with the message "ENCODED TRANSMISSION" written in red around the face. *\par
\b0 JW:\par
Hello?\par
\par
If you are hearing this, then the temporary loss of power to your substation has allowed you to receive this message.\par
\par
My name is John H Wilton, former CEO of this once great power company.\par
When they fired me, they changed everything about this place, people used to like working here, for me. \par
Now it's a disgrace. You probably haven\rquote t been allowed to leave for months, working in a pool of your own filth and grime.\par
\par
\tab I cannot allow this disgrace to go any further, especially not with my name slapped on it. \par
\par
\tab Embedded in this message is some command instructions that the building should have processed automatically to enable the exit door, use it to leave the building and short the terminals on the main\par
\tab High voltage transformer outside. You'll need something conductive like a wrench or a screwdriver, or even. Yourself. Whatever can finish the job. Please I beg of you do this for every other person\par
\tab this blasted company has under it's clutches. \par
\par
\tab Once you do that, I'll manage the rest.\par
\par
SAI:\tab Systems reset is in progress, a reminder to comply with all company protocols during this procedure. Estimated time to full restore is. 5 . Minutes.\par
\par
JW:\par
\tab This is your chance, hel\tab p me change this place for the better, you have to! \par
\par
\b\fs36\par
------ ENDING 1:------\par
 If you just wait in the office for the time to run out \par
\b0\fs24\par
\b *if 10 seconds passes*\par
\b0\par
JW: \par
Please, you must do this. Once that system wakes up then it'll take control and lock me out. This is our one shot!\par
\par
\b *if 1 minute passes*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab 4. Minutes until system reboot.\par
JW:\tab Please, I beg you!\par
\par
\b *if 1 minute passes*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab 3. Minutes until system reboot.\par
JW:\tab Come on move it! We don't have much time!\par
\par
\b *if 1 minute passes*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab 2. Minutes until system reboot.\par
JW:\tab I've been watching how they treat you, I know it's horrible don't lie to yourself. Please help me.\par
\par
\b *if 1 minute passes*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab 1. Minute until system reboot.\par
JW:\tab You don't want to help? Do you really want to go back to working in that grimy boiler room until you die? Is this the life YOU want?\par
\par
\b *if 30 seconds passes*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab 30. seconds until system reboot.\par
JW:\tab I'm loosing control, please this is your LAST CHANCE to help me!\par
\par
\b *if time expires*\par
\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab System reboot complete, all systems online.\par
JW:\tab No, please (in static as it's fading out).\par
\par
SAI (normal voice):\tab Communications system unauthorized entry detected, compensating for foreign signal.\par
SAI: \tab Thank you for your cooperation. Now, return to work. \par
\par
\b\fs36 ------ ENDING 2&3 starting condition:------\par
 Triggered by going outside.\par
\fs24\par
*player loads into new outside map*\b0\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab Warning, you have exited the premesis, this varient of violation can result in extreme repercussions unless you withdraw immedietly.\par
JW:\tab Don't listen to that it's a pre-recorded message. Now go to that transformer to the left of the substation entrance.\par
\b *player walks to within a predetermined distance to the tranformer*\par
\b0 This transformer converts the power you generate in there into usable Alternating Current for distribution, destroying it should compromise not only your substation, but all twenty three hundred stations connected to this grid. \par
Now, if you are ready, connected both ends of the transformer together to cause the outage, then stand back because high voltage like this can kill you instantly, as the human body is also pretty conductive. \par
\b\fs36 ------ ENDING 2:------\par
If you use a wrench to short the transformer.\par
\fs24 *large sparks and fire erupt from the transformer as the wrench is stuck between both ends of the connectors large warning sirens blare*\par
\b0 JW: YES, YOU DID IT, now stand back quick!\par
SAI (now female voice):\tab Warning, fatal power misdirectment detected, please contact the neare- \par
\b *The building erupts on fire and explosions are heard*\par
* Cut to black* \par
*load the surprise level* \par
* Cut the lights on, and show that the outside is still just in a lit room with the scenery just being a facade of painted walls, the building is still on fire*\par
\b0 SAI: Congratulations, you have completed the Employee Psycological assesment for substation employment, according to your test results, we're afraid that we're not going to proceed with your employment, Enjoy this 30 dollar stipend as motivation to never apply to Wilton Energy employment again. \par
Wilton Energy: The Energy of Tomorrow: Today!\par
\b\fs36 ------ ENDING 3:------\par
If you use yourself to short the transformer.\par
\fs24 *large sparks and fire erupt from the transformer as the wrench is stuck between both ends of the connectors large warning sirens blare*\par
\b0 JW: HOLY SHIT, get your hands off of there before-\par
*electrical noises are heard while the screen cuts to black*\par
*load the surprise level* \par
\par
* level is pitch black, with only several tables containing interactables and pictures of a family presumed to be the employees* \par
*ambulence noises are heard while a news broadcast is heard*\par
edit this: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq9IPy4gfSo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq9IPy4gfSo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
JW (very faint): You did it. You mad lunatic. \par
Thank you.\par
\par
\b\fs36\par
\par
\b0\fs24\par
}
 